a) Steps to design this project:
1) Create the project folder and open it in VS Code.
2) Create package.json file:
npm init -y
3) Install packages:
npm i express mongoose
4) Create a file for server:
index.js
5) Start Server:
nodemon index.js
6) Flow:
- Whenever any request comes to server than index.js file will run .
- From index.js file it goes to route file. Here, it will understand which function to call.
- Than it will go to controller, here in controller file we will write logic to add data to Database. To add data in database we use create() frunction.
- Then from controller it goes to model file. Here we will have our validations
7) Steps to create and write code of files:
- Basic flow is:
  index.js
    |
  route
    |
controller
    |
  model
- Flow to writing Code:
  model
    |
controller
    |
  route
    |
 index.js

b) ToDo:
1) Write the code of model:
- The code and it's meaning is in the respective file.
2) Write the code of controller:
- The code and it's meaning is in the respective file.
3) Write the code of index.js:
- The code and it's meaning is in the respective file.
- Run server:
nodemon index.js
4) Write the code of .env file:
- The code and it's meaning is in the respective file.
- Install package:
npm i dotenv
5) Open Postman
a) Click on + icon to Create New Collection. Give your Collection a name.
b) Than create new request. 
c) From dropdown select GET, POST, PATCH, DELETE based on Method you want.
d) Give base URL: /api/todo/ or /create or /update or /delete.
e) Then click "Send" Button. 
f) While Creating ToDo:
- Go Body
- From dropdown select: raw
- And in raw from dropdown select: JSON
- Pass an object with all the keys and it's value for creating a ToDo.
- Then click "Send" Button. 
6) Open MongoDB Compass:
a) Click on + icon in Connections.
b) It will open a pop up for "New Connections".
- Paste the value of MONGO_URL in the option of URL.
- And in Name option write "live"
c) Click "Save & Connect" Button.
7) When you create ToDo a database is created in MongoDB and you can see created ToDo list there.
8) todo.controller.js & todo.routes.js
- Writing code for getAllToDos, createToDo, updateToDo and deleteToDo function.
- Writing code in todo.routes.js file(passing id through API routes)

c) Auth:
1) Creating a new file UserModel.js in model folder
- Copy data from ToDoModel.js file to UserModel.js
2) Creating a new file auth.controller.js in controller folder
- Required code is written in the file named auth.controller.js
3) Creating a new file auth.routes.js in routes folder
- Copy data from todo.routes.js file to auth.routes.js
4) Going back to file index.js
- Required code is written in the file named index.js
5) Verify it using Postman & check if the data is added in Database usign MongoDB. 

d) Folder and File Structure:
ProjectName
    index.js
    model
        ToDoModel.js
        UserModel.js
    controller
        todo.controller.js
        auth.controller.js
    routes
        todo.routes.js
        auth.routes.js

e) Main Points:
1) FrontEnd(Postman): Data goes from Postman to index.js
2) Index File 
3) Route -> From index.js it finds on which route I have to go
4) Controller -> Then it finds on which controller I have to go
5) Model -> Then it finds on which Model I have to go
6) MongoDB -> And then "create" functions sends data to the Database
7) MongoDB Compass -> To check what data has been saved in the Database. Works as GUI for Database
8) Postman(Send Data to Backend) -> NodeJS(Backend sends data to MongoDB Database) -> Database -> MongoDB Compass (We can view data in MongoDB Compass)
9) What is MongoDB Compass?
- MongoDB Compass is a GUI (Graphical User Interface) tool used to view, manage, and interact with MongoDB databases visually—without writing commands.